doc: ap-protect: update to user guide and glossary (#11611)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/ap_protect/index.rst

   * - AP-Protect state
     - Related Kconfig option in the |NCS|
     - Description of the AP-Protect state
     - AP-Protect implementation type
   * - Locked
     - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_APPROTECT_LOCK` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SECURE_APPROTECT_LOCK` for Secure AP-Protect)
     - In this state, CPU uses the MDK system start-up file to write to enable and lock AP-Protect. UICR is not modified.
     - Hardware and software
   * - Authenticated
     - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_APPROTECT_USER_HANDLING` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SECURE_APPROTECT_USER_HANDLING` for Secure AP-Protect)
     - In this state, AP-Protect is left enabled and it is up to the user-space code to handle unlocking the device if needed.

>        The MDK will close the application subsystem access port AHB-AP, but not lock it, so the AHB-AP can be reopened via UART or CTRL-AP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The MDK will close the application subsystem access port AHB-AP, but not lock it, so the AHB-AP can be reopened by the fw. 
       Reopening the AHB-AP would typically be preceded by a handshake operation over UART, CTRL-AP Mailboxes or some other communication channel.
```

The FW reopens the access port, not the CTRL-AP / UART directly. The FW should receive and verify the reopening request through some communication channel like UART, CTRL-AP Mailboxes (available on nrf53 only (nrf91 maybe?)) and make sure the request is valid by requiring a cryptographic handshake of some kind, usually asking the requester to decrypt a random piece of information and pass it back for verification.

   * - AP-Protect state
     - Related Kconfig option in the |NCS|
     - Description of the AP-Protect state
     - AP-Protect implementation type
   * - Locked
     - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_APPROTECT_LOCK` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SECURE_APPROTECT_LOCK` for Secure AP-Protect)

>      - In this state, CPU uses the MDK system start-up file to write to enable and lock AP-Protect. UICR is not modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - In this state, CPU uses the MDK system start-up file to enable and lock AP-Protect. UICR is not modified.
```

Not sure write to is neccessary here, and it makes the sentence a bit clunky

     - Hardware and software
   * - Authenticated
     - :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_APPROTECT_USER_HANDLING` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SECURE_APPROTECT_USER_HANDLING` for Secure AP-Protect)
     - In this state, AP-Protect is left enabled and it is up to the user-space code to handle unlocking the device if needed.

>        The MDK will close the application subsystem access port AHB-AP, but not lock it, so the AHB-AP can be reopened by the firmware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       The MDK will close the debug AHB-AP, but not lock it, so the AHB-AP can be reopened by the firmware.
```
This is per domain, so shouldn't mention application subsystem here (network will operate independently from application core for example)

May be that AHB-AP is not sufficiently described at this point, maybe we want to add a description further up if we have a concepts section. Alternatively we can drop AHB-AP and just talk about debugging being closed or something.
